well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
presidential candidate joe biden
leadership standards and bare minimums
we're going to do this because i got a
whole bunch of people
sending me messages today and i didn't
understand them initially
i had a whole bunch of people sending
messages hey did you see what joe biden
was wearing
what i didn't get it then somebody sent
the message
saying hey you know you really took
trump to task
for not displaying leadership for not
wearing a mask
joe biden wore a mask are you going to
point it out
fair enough fair enough
joe biden giving a speech some address
he wore a mask the entire time there was
a local ordinance
saying that he should i'm sure he could
have been exempted from it
but the ordinance existed
a presidential candidate didn't break
the law
cool i mean i'm sure that's wonderful
for the law and order crowd
he he followed the local ordinance he
did what was expected of him
he set the example yes all of these are
positive attributes
they are my entire adult life i have
been around people who understand what
leadership
is and understand that you have to set
the example sometimes you have to be
first through the door
you have to show people
what you want them to do you can't just
tell them
they have to see you do it you have to
set the example and he did that
and i am appreciative of that however
and this is a big however that's
standard that's the standard joe biden
did the bare minimum
wearing wearing a mask in public right
now
as a candidate or a current public
official that is the bare minimum you
can do
to encourage people to wear masks
yes is that leadership way beyond
anything the trump administration has
shown
yes it is fair enough
but we can't let that become the
standard
we can't let trump's failure of an
administration become the standard by
which we judge
other candidates if we want
leaders rather than commanders
we can't praise them for the standard
for the bare minimum and that's what
this was
you know it shouldn't even be something
we recognize
wow a candidate for the presidency
did the bare minimum that wouldn't work
in any other field of endeavor
you don't get praise or accolades
because you meet standards
yeah it's better than trump but
showing more leadership than trump isn't
a goal
that's most people's default
i don't want to get in the habit of
praising people for doing the bare
minimum
i don't think we should as a country i
think that's part of the reason we wound
up here
if we stopped to clap every time joe
biden displayed more leadership than the
president
we wouldn't get anything done in this
country and this is coming from somebody
who's a pretty strong critic of joe
biden
i mean it's when it comes to leadership
trump displays none so even the
slightest
display of leadership from biden is
going to appear
like a huge difference but it's not
this is the standard what joe biden is
doing
is standard he meets standards
as a candidate cool rather than heaping
praise
on somebody who does the bare minimum we
should criticize
those who don't meet standards that's
how we can uh
hopefully get some real leaders in
office eventually
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night